guides,reference: some explanation about ldflags and build variables (#357)
tinygo-org/tinygo-site: content/docs/guides/tips-n-tricks.md

For more recipes on how to avoid or minimize allocations while working with slices, please see [additional tricks](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/SliceTricks#additional-tricks) section of [slice tricks](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/SliceTricks) page.

Familiarize yourself with [heap allocation concept]({{<ref "../concepts/compiler-internals/heap-allocation.md">}}) and use it to your advantage.

## How to set build-time variables

You might have some specific value that you want to set for a variable at build-time. For example, you might want to preset a serial number, or set the WiFi access point SSID that you want your device to connect to, or set the version of the code being built.

This can be done using the `tinygo build` command `-ldflags` flag like this:

`tinygo build -ldflags="-X 'main.version=1.0.0'" -target pyportal .`

In your TinyGo program, the variable of the same package name/variable name will have its value set using the value passed in the `-ldflags` flag. Most commonly this will use the scope of the `main` package.

```go
package main

var version string

func main() {
	println("the version is", version)
}
```

> One important thing to note is that you cannot use a default value in your code if you want to be able to set that value using `-ldflags`. This is due to the internals of how the Go SSA works. If you set the varible to a default value, then the value you pass using `ldflags` will be ignored. The value of the `version` variable in this code excerpt would **not** be changed by for this reason:

Reviewer: I don't think users need to know about "Go SSA". All that matters is that it's an implementation detail.

Also, fixed a typo that I found.

```suggestion
One important thing to note is that you cannot use a default value in your code if you want to be able to set that value using `-ldflags`. This is due to a limitation in the compiler. If you set the variable to a default value, then the value you pass using `ldflags` will be ignored. The value of the `version` variable in this code excerpt would **not** be changed by for this reason:
```

Author: Corrected.
